
In untiring agitation, the agents of the Jewish-international 
stock exchange and loan capital are trying to make Germany 
ripe for collapse, so that they may pass over State and economy 
into the hands of the International Finance Trusts.

The presumption for this is the laceration and, with it, the 
weakening of our people in the interior. Hence also the embittered 
fight of the MERCENARIES of international high finance against a party which, in distinction 
to all the other parties, is not composed of BOURGEOIS or PROLETARIANS but of the creative mental and manual workers of our people. 
They alone can and will be the supporters of the future Germany. 

Fellow Citizens! 

Friday, November 19, 1920, in the Hofbrduhausfestsaal there will take place a great public MASS MEETING, THE WORKER IN THE GERMANY OF THE FUTURE. 
Speaker: Herr Adolf Hitler, in which the National Socialist Party will define its attitude to 
this question. 
We ask all Germans to come. 

Beginning of the meeting 8 p.m. 
Admission M.I. War invalids free. Jews not admitted. 


Already for two years, the famous RECOVERY has lasted, the increase of the buying power of money, the consolidation of economy, the awakening of the world conscience, 
the subjugating of militarism, etc., and there are parties which 
have the cheek to assure the people that this condition in which 
we live today represents happiness for our people and for the 
human CIVILIZATION in general. 
In all their programs, promises follow promises of an economic 
prosperity to be attained only in the FREE STATE of curing all other evils of our present society, and while in reality 
the misery becomes and is bound to become greater from month 
to month, there are actually millions of people who still believe 
in this paradise. 
For: as long as the peace treaty of Versailles weighs on the 
German people, every promise of an economic recovery is fraud.
The National Socialist Party has not only recognized this from 
the beginning, but is the only political party that sees to it that 
our people, with ruthless frankness, becomes acquainted with 
the treaties which have been palmed off on it as a peace of reconciliation and understanding. 

Wednesday, November 24, 1920, therefore, there will take 
place at the Hofbrauhausfestsaal another MASS MEETING 
in which Herr Adolf Hitler will speak about: VERSAILLES, GERMANY'S DESTRUCTION.

Beginning of the meeting 8 p.m. Jews not admitted. 
Admission M.I. War invalids free 


With diabolic cunning for two years, the representatives of the Principle of Freedom of 
the small nations, of world disarmament, of the League of Na- 
tions and of World Peace knew how to make our people deaf and 
blind with all kinds of phrases. 
A two years' swindle of honesty and of peace hypocrisy had to make our people ripe and pliable 
for the things now awaiting us. 

Who still believes that England was ever concerned with respecting the freedom of the small nations, since it takes from one 
of the greatest civilized nations of this world that was and 
Germany even today its last remainder of freedom? 

Who still believes today that France ever fought German militarism, only in order to make Germany free and to secure to the 
rest of the world the fortune of the general disarmament of alt 
nations? 


Who does not yet recognize that France and England had to 
first make us so defenseless in order to be able to make us outlaws 
to such an extent that we not only accepted but even signed Spa 
and Versailles? And who, finally, is even today still so childish 
and innocent as not to see that this England which with methodical 
diabolism hunts Ireland's people to death in eternal revolutions 
and has extirpated half of it in less than 80 years, which cheats 
and exploits India, the old culture State, which, God knows, was 
certainly not militaristic, and threatened the freedom of the 
small nations; that this France finally, which in the name of culture dragged hundreds of thousands of black Africans to the 
European battle fields and even today forces them, as the bearers 
of a higher civilization, on the Rhenish culture as henchmen ; who 
is even today so crazy as to believe, that from slave drivers anything but slavery can be expected? 

And now we invite you. He who wants to be a slave may be- 
come one, but then he must not complain about misery and distress. He who wants to live may come and protest against the 
fact that they rob us of the possibility of living. 

If sixty millions, men and women, from the oldest man down 
to the young boy, declare in unanimous resolution, we do not 
want to, then the will of the millions ought to secure us at least 
one thing, the respect which is denied him who kisses the whip 
that beats him. 

We, too, are human beings and not dogs 

But sixty millions should make it clear to a Reich government 
that this time there is no place for negotiations, but that he who 
negotiates, falls. 

Fellow citizens! Come all of you today, Thursday, February 3, 
1921, at 8 p.m. to the Z IRK US KRONE to the GIANT MANIFESTATION OF PROTEST against the rape of a hundred years' future of our people. Herr 
Adolf Hitler will speak about: FUTURE OR DECLINE. 

Come without exception, manual and white collar workers, laborers and students, officials and employees, all on whom finally 
the conviction had dawned that in this world no devil will help 
us unless we help ourselves. 



Beginning 8 p.m. posters, admission: M.I.

War invalids free 
 

No Jews admitted.
Of all the promises of the leaders of the November Revolution, 
nothing has arrived. 

Misery and distress, hunger and disease 
weigh more heavily than ever on our people. 

Profiteers and usurers, currency speculators and war-profiteers 
however, feast on the profits they made by usury before the eyes 
of the nation that has fallen into distress. Meanwhile an unheard-of treaty awaits its fulfillment which once they had the 
cheek to palm off on us as Peace Treaty of Reconciliation and Understanding A 42 years' exploitation 
is to destroy Germany's future, to make our people die off. There 
we ask: How is it possible that our people bears all this? What is 
the ultimate cause of this unheard-of weakness which makes 
Germany today the defenseless victim of its exploiters? 
Is the class struggle?

In terrible lunacy the Germans fight one another today, intellectuals against laborers, class against class, and they weaken one another until they both, in powerlessness and weakness, fall 
victim to the enemies of our people bent on plunder and eager in 
rapacity. 

GERMAN STUDENTS! 

Do you want to watch this doom inactively? Remember that 
for centuries of German history the German student, fighting for 
freedom and national right, stood by the side of his people. 
Think of it that it was he who many a time became the bearer 
and fighter for all the moral ideas which lifted our people out of 
misery and shame. Can there be a greater task for our people 
today than the solution of the fateful question of Germany, the 
class question ! 

We ask you: During the deepest misery of our people, do you 
want to linger in indifferent lethargy, do you want to barricade 
yourselves behind the class-spirit, or do you find the way to your 
people! 

FRIDAY, February 1 1 , 192 1 , a great public MASS MEETING 
takes place at the Hofbrauhausfcstsaal .

Herr Adolf HITLER will speak about: GERMAN YOUTH GERMAN FUTURE.

Now we invite you, German students, who have still a heart 
for the present suffering of your people, come, listen and join 
where you belong: WITH THE PEOPLE.

Beginning of the meeting: 8 p.m. Jews not admitted.

Admission: M.I.- Students: 50 Pf. War invalids free .



One year has passed, since our movement announced itself for 
the first time to the GREAT PUBLIC. 

On February 24, 1920, before an audience counting thousands, 
the program of the young movement was published and accepted 
with violent applause. 

In a grand sweep, the NATIONAL SOCIALIST IDEA has taken root in numerous places. 

First mocked, ridiculed, then passed by in silence, we have the 
experience that today we are already persecuted most cruelly. 
That is what we want. 

A movement which has not learned to conquer by a fight is not worthy of a victory.

The ultimate victory in this world, however, will be carried by 
truth. And in this we believe. 

In numerous mass meetings we have tried to spread it without 
consideration for favor or hatred, never guided by reflections or so-called 'tactics,' but always animated only by the feeling of duty. 

In memory of this anniversary we invite our FELLOW CITIZENS to come Thursday, February 24, 1921, to the great public 
PEOPLE'S MEETING at the Hofbrduhausfestsaal. 

Herr Adolf HITLER will speak about: ONE YEAR OF GERMAN HISTORY AND OUR PROGRAM.
Beginning of the meeting 8 p.m. Admission M.I.
No Jews admitted. War invalids free.

At last we know why the German government's reply to the 
Paris Note has been kept secret from us for such a long time. 

Instead of giving to this renewed unheard-of extortion the only 
right answer, that is to declare herewith the so-called Peace Treaty of Versailles as invalid for Germany; to revoke immediately and publicly the 
confession of war guilt by presenting the genuine documents and 
to demand the calling of a new peace conference based on the 
14 points of Wilson which then were promised us as the basis, the 
German government has worked out a Counter Proposal. 
This is now known to us. 
Around a hundred and forty-six billions of goldmarks 
that is more than 1500 billions of paper marks 
the Reich's government promises the enemy to be paid by the 
German people. 

A COMPLETE LUNACY.

But what we have never doubted has now arrived. 
But this is not enough for these international stock exchange 
vultures. 

What they want is Germany's complete enslavement 
And yet this bargaining is to be continued? 
We protest against this! 

FELLOW CITIZENS! Come today, Sunday, March 6, 1921, 
10 a.m. to the Giant Demonstration of Protest 
at the Zirktis Krone.

HITLER will speak about: LONDON AND US? 

White collar and manual workers of our people, you alone have 
to suffer the consequences of this unheard-of treaty. Come and 
protest against Germany being burdened with the war guilt. 
Protest against the peace treaty of Versailles which has been 
forced upon us by the sole culprit of the war, the Jewish inter- 
national stock exchange capital; protest against the latest dictate 
from Paris; and protest, finally, against a Reich's government 
which again gives the most colossal promises without asking the 
German people. 

Beginning of the meeting 10 a.m., end 12 noon. 
Admission M.I. War invalids free No Jews admitted.


While France, by breach of the Peace Treaty, occupies more and 
more territories, while Poland, freed of the bolshevistic danger, is 
about to annex Upper Silesia, despite all results of the plebiscite, 
a so-called German Reich government sees cause to destroy in the same moment the last remainder of our people's possibilities of resistance. 

It has learned nothing from Spa, Versailles, Paris, London. 
Now as before it trusts in phrases and assurances of 'world conscience,' 'culture solidarity and similar bunk. 

Thus for Poland the rape of Upper Silesia will become just as 
without danger as the occupation of the Ruhr district, thanks to 
our present Reich's government, is already for France. 

Against this we protest. 

Not against the disarmament of some kind of organization, but 
against making our people defenseless for the purpose of its en- 
slavement and delivery into the hands of the international stock 
exchange capital and its henchmen. 

German fellow citizens! He who does not want Germany to 
offer herself forever in doglike submissiveness to the international 
world capital as a colony, should come today, March 15, 1921, at 
8 p.m. to the Zirkus Krone to the 

GIANT DEMONSTRATION OF PROTEST 

Adolf Hitler will speak about: STATESMEN OR NATIONAL CRIMINALS' 

End 10 p.m. Jews not admitted 

Admission M.I.- War invalids free 


Germany's fate hurries towards its decision. Ignoring the plebi- 
scite, a Foreign Commission will decide in whose possession 

UPPER SILESIA 
is to remain. 

The Commission consists of adversaries of Germany 

Its decision is dictated by the flaming hatred against our people. 
International high finance raises its arm for the most serious blow 
against the freedom of our people and its independence, it robs our 
economy of its daily bread, coal. 

Upper Silesia is to be lost for Germany. 

And our people? 

It fights not against its oppressors, but against itself. 

4 For the revolutionary liberation of the proletariat you must be 
victorious, or die.' 

Thus the Jewish agents, paid by international stock exchange 
capital, fool our people, they drive it towards a fratricidal war, 
and instead of the ' revolutionary liberation ' they bring it the end 
of the sole freedom that exists, the freedom of its own nation. 

FELLOW CITIZENS! 

Friday, April 8, 1921, in the Hofbrauhausfesisaal (Platel) there 
will take place a great public MEETING. 

Herr Adolf Hitler will speak about: 
'GERMANY A WAKE' 

Beginning 8 p.m., Doors open at 7 p.m. No Jews admitted 

War invalids free. 
Summoner: For the party management, 


Working Germans! 

We want to recall to your memory only a few of the hundreds of 
slogans which your leaders and tempters, since 1917, have ham- 
mered into your brains unceasingly. 

'Reconciliation' 'Understanding 1 ' 14 points' 
4 World disarmament ' ' Liberation work peace bread 
A 'life in dignity and beauty 1 etc. 

Whose heart is not rent when comparing these promises with the 
state in which Germany is actually today. 

Is it surprising, therefore, if one who was revolutionarily in- 
clined and who as early as November 1918 was ready for death 
on the barricades for his supposed ideas, if now in the most bitter 
disappointment he joins the ranks and the storm columns of that 
party which not only promises him the realization of his Novem- 
ber dream but even the 

Dictatorship of the Proletarian ' 

over the rest of his fellow citizens. 

Fed on slogans for decades, it makes no difference to him who 
offers them to him, whether an agitator who comes from his own 
ranks be it out of idealism or business mindedness or the 
Jewish millionaire with shining patent leather shoes and bedecked 
with diamonds who presents himself to him as also proletarian.' 

Lasalle's words that 

'A workers movement has to keep itself free from 
Jews and capitalists ' is forgotten. 

On the contrary, he who leads it today is the Jew exclusively, 
and it is the stock exchange in whose service they stand. 

Today the thinking worker has to aee with horror that he has become the tool of those who have established as their final goal 
the government of the 'capitalist constitution/ the dictatorship 
of the exchanges and banks, the monopolization of the working 
forces, the smashing of the national economy in the interest of the 
stock exchange and the proletarization of the middle class. For 
this is the aim and the end of the World War and of the so-called 
world revolution. 

For not the proletarian makes them but the Jewish interna- 
tional great capital makes the revolution against him with the 
proletarian. 

But the reply to this most unheard-of betrayal of the world and 
of the nation by the international powers can only be 

the resistance of the Organized, National Force 
We call you all to this resistance! 

Thursday, April 14, 1921, at the M&nchncr Kindl Keller, at a 
great public MASS MEETING, Deputy Herr Rudolf Jung, Member of the National Assembly of Prague and 2nd Chairman of the 
German National Socialist Party in Czechoslovakia, will speak 
about NATIONAL SOCIALISM AS NATIONAL REVOLUTION. 

Beginning 8 p.m. Jews not admitted 

Admission to cover cost of hall and posters, M.I.- 

War invalids free 


Today world Jewry presses without mercy on our people. One 
territory after the other is being occupied. 

EXTORTION follows EXTORTION 

The eternal peace has turned into an eternal war. 

If, instigated by the Jewish agents of stock exchange capital 
and the Entente, Germany continues to lacerate herself in the 
interior, then after a few years our people will be able to cele- 
brate instead fc of the International May festival its national memo- 
rial service. 

In the most critical hour of our people, in the moment when 
we, practically abandoned by all the world, made defenseless by 
our own fault, have to watch France setting out to occupy new 
territories, while African negroes rape our women and children, 
while in Upper Silesia bands of Polish murderers and arsonists 
slaughter German workers, we turn to those who alone will be 
able to redeem Germany from misery and misfortune. 

We turn to the German worker and the German youth! 

We invite you all, you who on the one hand begin to recognize 
the Jewish democratic swindle, and on the other hand the inter- 
national-socialist fraud, to come to the ranks of national soli- 
darity, to join the National Socialist movement of Greater 
Germany. 

TODAY Friday, May 6, 1921, TODAY 

a great public MASS MEETING takes place at the Hofbr&uhaus- 
festsaal (Platzt) 

Speaker Herr Adolf Hitler 

'GERMAN WORKERS AND 
GERMAN YOUTH



Beginning 8 p.m. Jews not admitted 

To cover expenses of the hall and posters, Admission M.I. - 


Fellow citizens/ German workers/ 
Do you know the peace treaties? NO 

You do not know the peace treaty of Brest-Utovsk, because it 
has been kept from you deliberately, only in order to lie to you 
that Brest-Litovsk was the most disgraceful treaty of violation 
of all times. And when finally the Dictate of Versailles was 
presented to the German government for signature, there again 
one kept all knowledge and enlightenment from the people, for 
this time one had to make it believe that now it had the peace 
of reconciliation and understanding which one time 

SCHEIDEMANN 

was able to describe so marvelously. 

And even today, after almost 2 years, the German people is 
not enlightened about a treaty which primarily does not concern 
the fate of the so-called 

GREAT CAPITALISTS, 

but which ruins the existence of the working people* 

If of that flood of promises of November 1918 even today not 
only nothing has arrived, but the misery is greater than ever 
before, then it is for the reason that the peace treaty of Versailles 
prevents from the very beginning any economic recovery and 
socially just order in Germany. The cry for alteration of this 

MURDEROUS TREATY 

can be fulfilled only if the entire German people at least know it. 
Tuesday, May 31, 1921, a great public MEETING takes 
place at the Hofbrduhausfcstsaal (Platzl) 

Herr Adolf Hitler will speak about: 
' GERM AN WORKER and the PEACE TREATIES' 

Beginning of the meeting 8 p.m. Jews not admitted. 

To cover expenses of the hall and posters admission M.I.- 
War invalids free 


Like a giant spider, the Jewish international world stock 
exchange capital creeps over the peoples of this earth, gradually 
sucking their marrow and blood. Thousands and thousands of 
its paid agents are untiringly active in the press and in political 
parties, and they confuse public opinion until brother no longer 
recognizes brother. 

The people, in whose eyes one stigmatized the defense of its 
own existence as a crime against human life, kill themselves 
mutually. But while thus lacerating itself, it trusts all the more 
blindly in the solidarity and the help of others. There are still 


Germans who hope that by their clemency or enlightenment 
our destiny will be changed. 

They forget that, even if the peoples wanted to, their leaders 
would prevent this. 

'300 men who know one another, dominate the world!' 

The man who said this ought to know it, for he is 

not a 'reactionary/ not a 'Pan-German/ not an 'anti-Semite, 

it is PAUL WALTER RATHENAU 

Thus unchallenged ruin takes its course. 

We still talk about ' world peace f and ' national reconciliation, 1 
of 'solidarity of the proletarians 1 and of 'culture conscience, 1 
but the inexorable war of destruction against our people has 
already set in. 

More than 4^ thousand Germans have been slaughtered in 
Upper Silesia, partly in a truly bestial manner. But the German 
people remains indifferent. They are only Germans! 

If somewhere in the world a disaster happens, we collect 
money. If in England there are strikes, we support them. If 
the Hungarian government hangs ten Jewish stock exchange 
profiteers, whose money is sticky with the blood and the sweat 
of hundreds of thousands of honest people, we protest, we cry 
about pogroms and we demand the boycott of an entire State. 

In this way one has made fools of our people. 

In a few months the pressure of Germany's merciless oppressors will make itself felt in the remotest cottage. 

We will lose Upper Silesia, the Ruhr district will be taken by 
France, our labor force will be pawned, the treasures of our 
soil will come under foreign management, and meanwhile the 
whip of a merciless military rabble oppresses Germany and 
destroys our people. And all this for the sake of quiet and 
world peace. 

Where are the political parties and where is the so-called 
German press. 

So far the sole movement, the National Socialist German 
Workers' Party, honestly and openly, has led the political fight, 


not according to the considerations of so-called mendacious 
tactics, but according to the iron-like principle of truth. 

In a time when for the seat of a Deputy a man changed his 
principles like his shirts, when compromise was looked upon as 
the sole proof of true genius, as the only anti-parliamentarian 
movement it went straight ahead. 

It saw greatness not in the dead number, but in the living 
spirit, in the uncontrollable will for action. 

German fellow citizens! By an enormous Mass Demonstration 
of all those who accept these principles, who condemn the 
present parliamentarianism and who believe in the future of our 
people, blindly and unshakably like in God, we want again to 
establish and to harden the principles of the movement from 
which alone we hope for the resurrection of the German people. 

Wednesday Wednesday 

July 20, 1921 July 20, 1921 

a GIANT DEMONSTRATION 

will take place at the 

ZIRKUS KRONE 

Speaker: Herr Adolf Hitler 
'FATHERLAND or COLONY' 

Beginning 8 p.m., end 10 p.m. Jews not admitted 

To cover expenses of the hall and posters admission M.I. - 

War invalids free. 


WORKERS 1 PARTY 
HELP SOVIET RUSSIA! 

A cry which today pierces the whole world. 

Hardly 3 years have elapsed since the Jewish apostles of the 
Future State promised to bring men, in Russia, the paradise 
by way of revolution. 

Liberty, Equality, and Fraternity 

happiness and bread, progress and human culture were to be 
demonstrated to the peoples of the world in an unattained model 
example. 

A host of Jewish party secretaries and professional demagogues did not tire of describing and praising again and again 
this wonder State of human contentedness. 

Reactionary enemy of the people retrogressive capitalist 
mongrel these were the names one gave to the disbelieving 
doubter of this blessing. 

And today! 
Soviet Russia has become a desert! 

Now it can no longer be kept secret that the greatest agrarian 
State has become the greatest cemetery of mankind. 

While now millions of Russian workers, worn out by hunger 
and despair, drag themselves from the cities to the country that 
equally suffers hunger, yet perishing miserably just the same, 
the flood of the destroyers of this Russian people, covered with 
diamonds, rolls towards the west of Europe, towards Germany 
and Switzerland. 

But what is Germany to do? 

We German National Socialists demand that the Russian 
people be given help, not by supporting its present government, 
but by the elimination of its present corrupters. Those who 
today give for Russia do not give for the Russian worker but 
for hit exploiter, the Jewish commissar. 


German f Maw citizens, come Thursday, August 4, 1921, to the 
great public GIANT DEMONSTRATION at the ZIRKUS 
KRONE 

Speaker: Herr Adolf Hitler about: 
'DYING SOVIET RUSSIA 9 

Beginning of the meeting 8 p.m. Jews not admitted 

To cover expenses for the hall and posters admission M.I.-
War invalids free Summoner: For the party management, 


It is an old criminal trick to join, after the completed act, 
In the call of 

1 Stop thief 

(Censorship gap) 
'Down with the rise of food prices' 

shout today those who are its actual originators. 

The same parties, the same men, who once, without wincing 
signed the dictates of exploitation and enslavement of Spa, 
Versailles, Brussels, Paris and London; the same men who thus 
helped in winding the hunger rope around our people, who 
devalued our money, who made our national production the 
source of gratification of the permanent rapacity of our enemies, 
cry now against the consequences of their criminal activity. 


We protest against this swindlel 

Parties and men, who tried to make the documents of our 
people's enslavement valid by their own signature, have no 
right to protest against the 
SLAVE YOKE 

German fellow citizens! 

As early as two years ago, at a time when one still lied to the 
German people that now it was marching towards a state of 
infinite happiness, freedom and welfare, the National Socialist 
Party has untiringly emphasized that the consequence of our 
unheard-of cheating of ourselves would be unheard-of misery. 

Today, Friday, August 12, 1921, a great public MASS MEETING takes place at the Hofbrduhaus. 

Speaker: Heir Adolf Hitler about: 

THE PROTEST AGAINST RISING PRICES, 
A JEWISH SWINDLE 

Beginning 8 p.m. War invalids free 

To cover expenses of the hall and posters admission M.I. 
Jews not admitted Summoner: For the party management, 


Slogan after slogan rain down on our people 
! International Solidarity ! 

A state of intimate fraternization is to arrive between Englishmen and Hottentots, between Chinese and Zulu Kafirs, French 
and Japanese, Russians and Germans, etc. 

They are human beings and therefore all equal! 

Although the colors are different, the quantity of brains and 
the physique do not correspond, the way of thinking and the 
achievements are not the same, yet the Jew asserts: they are 
equal, and therefore they are equal. A consequence of this 
equality is therefore the 'international solidarity.' 

But while the peoples dream of this l the same Jew smashes 
the only natural and most intelligible solidarity which ought to 
exist, that of every nation in itself. Immeasurable misery has 
come over Germany today. In Upper Silesia, in continued 
slaughter, thousands of fellow citizens sink into the grave. 

The black disgrace works havoc on the Rhine. Women, girls, 
and children pay for the bestial negroes' lust with their death. 
An uninterrupted stream of poison and disease flows into the 
blood of our people. Moroccan syphilis drives thousands of 
victims towards a cruel death. Tens of thousands of young 
Germans, partly while dreaming, partly while intoxicated, are 
dragged to the Foreign Legion. 

Hundreds of thousands of our children die slowly of under- 
nourishment. 

And now we ask, where remains the international solidarity 
of assistance? 

Bloody mockery I 

While the Entente robs us of more than one million cattle, it 
graciously gives us back a present of 6000 of them as a sign of 
world fraternization. And while Paris still demands the strict 
fulfillment of the peace treaties, one assures us of the pity of the 
French proletariat. 

No, in that way Germany will never be free! 
To trust in international help means to build 
on fog and mist. 

Every German ought to have understood today, that international and solidarity is only one and the same thing, that is 

rascality, villainy and profiteering 

International, finally, is only the world stock exchange, its 
supporters and guard of followers, the 

Jewish race. 

We German National Socialists have recognized that not 
international solidarity frees the peoples from the ties of international capital, but the 

organized national force. 

The presupposition of any solidarity of the nations that 
reaches beyond their own people presupposes the solidarity of 
one's own nation. But this means the integration of the creative 
forces, no matter whether they are intellectuals or manual 
workers, into the party of creative work as compared with the 
wasting drones. 

German Fellow Citizens! 

The National Socialist German Workers' Party asks you all 
to come Thursday, August 25, 1921, to the ZIRKUS KRONE 
to a GIANT DEMONSTRATION against the continued cheating of our people by the Jewish agents of the international world 
stock exchange capital. 

Speakers will be: Dr. A. SCHILLING, author, leader of the 
National Socialist German Workers 1 Party at Maehrisch-Ostrau, 
and Herr A. HITLER, Munich, about 

INTERNATIONAL SOLIDARITY, 
A JEWISH WORLD FRAUD 



Beginning 8 p.m., end 10.30 p.m. Jews not admitted 

To cover expenses of the hall and posters admission M.I. - 

War invalids free 
Summoner: For the party management, 


November 9, 1918 Fortune upon Fortune! 

'The hour of liberation from the yoke of capitalism 

has come ' 

'Militarism is smashed' 
'Germany in future no longer sacrifices to this Moloch' 

'After a long time of reactionary barbarity our people 
are now respected and honored among all the others/ 

'The fate of the nations is in future decided by free self- 
determination/ 

'Secret diplomacy is destroyed. 

' The nation's right is proclaimed.

' Freed from war and war atrocities, the nations join in 

the League ' 

The wounds of the World War are being cured. Germany gladly helps.
'Prices will be reduced at once' .



'All corruption of the previous mismanagement of the 
State gives way to greater order and economy/  Honesty becomes the prime law in the life of the German 
people' And, in short, a model State is formed, a paradise such as the world has not seen before, the 'German 
Republic: 

It has not come exactly like this, but similarly. 

Capital has been freed of every yoke. Germany's militarism 
is smashed. France no longer has to bring sacrifices to her own 
Moloch, this is done by Germany. Our people is loved too because it industriously delivers tribute. Our fate is decided on 
in free self-determination, not by us, but by the League of 
Nations. 

Secret diplomacy is no longer necessary: one can sell the 
nations openly without punishment. Meanwhile Germany joyfully cures all wounds which the enemies inflicted on one another. 

The prices have been lowered with ingenious skill, not so much 
for the German but for the foreign countries. 

The State management is purged of all elements of corruption and of narrowmindedness of the former Bismarck era, 
clever men stand in its place. Wirth and Gessler, Gradnauer and 
Rathenau and similar cohnsorts. 

Germany faces the great sale 
Complete bankruptcy approaches with gigantic steps. 

Six months sufficed for the government for the fulfillment of 
devaluing the German Mark to zero. A corporation of international stock exchange scoundrels has become unrestricted 
master of Germany. Instead of by the kings of the blood, Germany is ruled by the kings of the stock exchange. 

Leather straps are being cut out of our people. 

And yet, this people are not even allowed to criticize those 
who as the sole culprits threw us into this enormous misfortune. 
The offense against the sovereign has become the offense against 
every Jew in politics. Parties are bargaining, and meanwhile 
one piece of land after the other is lost to Germany. 


Fellow citizens, in the face of the loss of an age-old German 
country and in the face of the villainous indifference of those 
who feel themselves called upon to represent a people, we invite 
you to come 

TODAY, Friday, October 21, 1921, at 8 p.m. to the ZIRKUS 
KRONE for the GIANT MANIFESTATION OF PROTEST 
of the National Socialist German Workers' Party. 

Herr Adolf Hitler will speak about: 

'UPPER SILESIA, THE VICTIM OF THE 
STOCK EXCHANGE PARLIAMENT' 

Jews not admitted To cover expenses of the hall and posters, 
admission, M.I.- 

War invalids free Summoner : For the party management, 


Fellow Citizens! 

Remember the days when it was palmed off on the German 
people under promises, that now the end of capitalist rule had 
come and that the truly 

1 Social Republic 

would begin. 
And who jubilated and shouted most of all? 

The stock exchange press of Berlin and Frankfort 
And why? 

Because one certainly spoke of socializing shoemakers, tailors, 
carriers, bakers, etc., but not with one word did one mention 
what would have needed socialization most of all: stock exchanges 
and banks. 


All that was then talked about socialization was clumsy fraud, 
in order to deceive the masses about the fact that the destruction 
of the social economy of our people does not take place for the 
purpose of leading it over into common possession, but in order 
to enable its acquisition by international world capital. 

Not socialization was the aim, but world capitalization! 

But today we see the first sign of this so-called three years 
socialization in the selling below cost of the one-time German 
Reich's railways to private capital. Never has a people been 
cheated more wretchedly. 

Today, Friday, November 18, 1921, a great public people's 
meeting takes place at the Hofbrduhausfcstsaal (Platzl). 

Heir ADOLF HITLER will speak about: 

'THE SALE OF THE REICH'S RAILWAYS AS 
THE BEGINNING OF SOCIALIZATION' 

Beginning 8 p.m. Jews net admitted 

To cover expenses of the hall and posters admission M.I.- 
War invalids free 

White collar and manual workers, officials and employees, 
come in greatest numbers to this meeting. 


Fellow Citizens! 

A year ago we called you to the Zirkus Krone. For the first 
time we invited you to a giant protest against making Germany 
defenseless by disarmament. We declared that this making her 
defenseless would be the prelude for the loss of Upper Silesia. 

For the second time we invite you to resistance against the Paris 
Dictate. We called it the permanent enslavement of Germany. 

And a third time we called you to this huge room: 4 We raise 
our protest against the signing of the London Ultimatum, for 
in it we see the cause of a never-ending extortion and exploitation of our people, an eternal impoverization of our nation. 9 

Three times we have been laughed all.

Today we ask: 
Do people laugh even now? 

Upper Silesia is lost. Germany is politically enslaved as 
never before. 

Poverty no longer begins to appear, it is here. And though 
one does not feel it in the armchairs of the parliaments and in 
the soft cushions of our people's leaders it is felt all the more 
by the millions who have been cheated, by the masses of the 
people who do not live by cheating, profiteering and usury, but 
by the sweat of their honest work. But we are not only a poor 
people, we are also a miserable people. 

We have forgotten the millions of our fellow citizens who 
once, during a long four and a half years, bled for Germany's 
existence on innumerable battlefields, and of whom our fatherland has been robbed by a cruel fate. 

We have forgotten the millions of those Germans who long- 
ingly await the day which brings them home to a country that 
even as the poorest would still present the happiness of being 
their fatherland. We have forgotten the Rhineland and Upper 


Silesia, forgotten German-Austria and the millions of our brothers 
in Czechoslovakia, forgotten Alsace-Lorraine and the Palatinate, 
and while our beloved Germany thus lies dismembered, powerless and torn, disgracefully robbed, a colony of the international 
world criminals, there we dance. 
We invite you to come Thursday, February 2, 1921, to a 

GIANT DEMONSTRATION for a coming GREATER 
GERMANY to the Zirkus Krone 

Engineer Rudolf JUNG, Deputy of the Prague Parliament, and 

Party Member Adolf HITLER will speak about: 
'GERMANY IN HER DEEPEST HUMILIATION 9 

Beginning 8 p.m., end 10 p.m. Jews not admitted 

To cover expenses of the hall and posters admission M.I. - 
War invalids free. 

Fellow citizens, white collar and manual workers, Germans from 
all countries of our fatherland, come in masses! 



For two years, our movement has been 

slandered and calumniated 

aa no other movement. 

Now we are 'bolshevists,' then again 4 reactionaries, ' then 
"monarchists' and again 4 revolutionaries/ according to the need 
of our opponents. 

The fight which for many a long day we led against the gang of political profiteers and economic speculators is palmed off 
by them in a cunning manner as a 

'FIGHT AGAINST THE FOLKISH STATE' 

In order to uncover the mendacity of this calumny, spread by 
the agents of the actual peoples' tyrants, the Jewish interna- 
tional world stock exchange, we will hold a great people's meet- 
ing on Friday, February 17, 1922, at the Burgerbr&ukcller, Rosen- 
heimer Strasse. 

Herr ADOLF HITLER will speak about: 
'PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OR JEWISH STATE 9 

Beginning of the meeting 8 p.m. Jews not admitted. 

To cover expenses of the hall and posters admission M.I.- 


German Fellow Citizens! White collar and Manual Workers! 

In number 90 of the * MUnchner Post' we read the following 
sentence: 

'Even the most honest "policy of fulfillment," which gives 
away its last shirt, will never be able to make the Poincarists 
relinquish their plans. It is no use whatsoever to make a secret 
of this simple truth. With all illusions of a unity of mankind and 
culture solidarity, with our hopes for a victory of right and 
reason, we cannot abolish the bare fact that these rulers of 
France want the ruin of the German Reich and the German 
people, and that so far nobody in this world has found the 
energy and the determination to stop their proceedings. 



For three years now we National Socialists preach this commonplace, and in 
return for this the same Milnchner Pest and its backers have 
called us 

'Labor Traitors 

and decried and calumniated us as 'capitalist dogs' and reactionary militarists.

Of course, for us the above-cited realization was not an empty 
phrase but a sacred obligation to act accordingly and to call 
this entire policy of fulfillment what it was and is, namely, a 
crime against our people. 

But once more they know how to pour new hope into the 
hearts of our credulous people: GENOA. 

After a few months the people will recognize here also that 
once more it has fallen victim to an enormous 

world fraud 

of the Jewish international stock exchange. It will recognize that 
the fruit of these negotiations will not come to the millions of 
our starved, suffering people, but exclusively again to the stock 
exchange and its backers. 

But with us distress will grow, as it has grown more and 
more, despite all the phrases and talks. 

Today, Friday, April 21, 1922, another great MASS MEET- 
ING takes place at the Burgcrbraukeller, Roscnheimer Strasse 

Herr Adolf Hitler will speak about: 

'GENOA, AS A NATIONS 1 OR A STOCK 
EXCHANGE CONFERENCE' 

Beginning of the meeting 8 p.m. Jews not admitted 

To cover expenses of the hall and posters admission M.I. - 

War invalids free 

German Fellow Citizens! 
German youth of all classes and professions/ 

The terror of the Jewish stock exchange and its henchmen 
weighs heavily upon Germany* 

The movement of folkish resistance against the exploitation of 
our people by international finance capital which today the Jew 
is no longer able to fight down with spiritual weapons, he has 
beaten down with force by the stock exchange parties. 

Meetings, celebrations, excursions, etc., were attacked, their 
participants are scattered by the force of the fist. Blood is flow- 
ing without the governments remembering that it is their duty 
to protect also the lives of those who according to their party 
belong perhaps to another direction than that represented by the 
one ruling at the moment. All this we saw coming. 

We never doubted that the moment the folkish movement should 
become a real danger for the
international stock exchange race 
and for the gang of exploiters they would try to fight it by all 
 of violence 


Therefore, as the only movement in Germany, we have set out 
to form a 

STORM TROOP 

Its purpose and its task is the work of liberation of our German 
people from the Jewish terror. 

And wherever the storm troops of the National Socialist Ger- 
man Workers' Party have been called into life, the Jewish Marx- 
ist brutality has not only been checked but has frequently broken 
down. But above all we succeeded in carrying out the security of 
the fight against the Jewish stock exchange power in Bavaria's 
capital. 

And we hope that in the course of the years the hundreds of 
our troops will turn into hundreds of thousands, so that the day 
may come when the working and creative German people will 
destroy the power and the force of the Jewish international stock 
exchange and its protecting parties. 

In memory of one year's existence of our storm troops in 
Munich there will take place a great German celebration on Thurs- 
day, August 3, 1922, at the Btirgerbr&ukeller, Rosenheimer Sir asse. 

The concert orchestra of Demmel's Band, increased to 42 mem- 
bers, as well as various excellent solos, will guarantee a successful 
celebration. 

Our Party Member Adolf Hitler will deliver the celebration 
address. 

Beginning 8 p.m. The doors will be opened 6.30 p.m. Tickets 
sold: Corneliusstr. 12. Admission: Party members on presentation of membership card M.y.-, non-members M.io- Jews not 
admitted. 

Germans! We invite you: Fellow citizens, think of the hard 
times awaiting us, prepare for defense, come all of you. But above 
all we expect that the German youth, manual and white collar 
laborers, will appear in masses. 


When on November 9, 1918, the German people was driven 
into revolution, it was told that this was the beginning of the 
'nations' liberation' from the bonds of * world capitalism.' 

Today the makers of the revolution of that time admit that 
the whole world is ruled by a gang of Jewish stock exchange bandits, that no longer the nations but the 

'world bankers' 

decide on the destinies of this earth. 

In this way the true purpose of the revolution is fulfilled. 

While the power of the international stock exchange dictatorship, thanks to the protection by the Marxist and democratic 
parties, grows more and more, the last remnants of millions of 
independent existences are destroyed. 

The extinction of our retail traders and of our retail commerce 
is the intended final goal of our present so-called 

'Social' Policy 
A fraud upon the nations such as the world has never seen before. 

Fellow Citizens I 

Members of the doomed classes and professions, small business 
men and small tradesmen, manual laborers and officials, workers 
of all professions and classes! 

Come to the great public MASS MEETING at the Burger- 
brdukellcr-Fcstsaal (Rosmheimer Strasse), on Thursday, Septem- 
ber 28, 1922. 

Our party member Adolf Hitler will speak about: 

1 THE POLICY OF THE DESTRUCTION OP 
OUR MIDDLE CLASS 9 



TODAY TODAY 

Tuesday. November 21, 1922, a great public 

MASS MEETING 

will take place at the Salvatorkeller (on the Nockherberg) 

Our Party Member 

ADOLF HITLER 

will speak about: 

WHY IS THE NATIONAL SOCIALIST 
MOVEMENT BOUND TO BE VICTORIOUS? 9 

Beginning 8 p.m. Admission M.S.- Jews not admitted 
Fellow Citizens I 

Lie and terror work against our movement as against no other 
movement in Germany. The parties of national fraud and decep- 
tion, the protective troops of the international stock exchange 
rule and of the nations' exploitation, Marxists and Democrats, 
feel the danger which our movement represents to them. They 
shun the hour in which the realization of the great masses will 
call them to account. Thus they believe that what the power of 
their ideas no longer accomplishes, the power of lie and brutality 
will do. Yet they are wrong. For parties may well be broken by 
this, but never the truth of a view of life. 


White collar and manual workers, come in masses to this 
meeting. 



National Socialists 1 Fellow Citizens! Anti-Semites I 

For three years the German people has been trying to fulfill a 
peace treaty which from the beginning was nothing but an assignment to centuries of compulsory labor and slavery, as well as to 
exploitation of the German workers. 

For three years the German people slaves and pays billions and 
billions, in order to prevent the enemy as the people are made 
to believe from proceeding to further compulsory steps against 
Germanity. 

And now? 

Now the moment has come 

when France's armies, which are nothing but the 

bailiffs and henchmen of ike international Jewish stock exchange 
capital, nevertheless set out on the inarch across the Rhine and 
occupy the heart of German economy and of German work, 

the Ruhr district. 

The Wirth policy of fulfillment, the trash of understanding and 
the impotent policy of the present parliament has broken down 
most miserably. And yet the new German government wants to 
continue a policy after the pattern of Heir Wirth. 

Fellow Citizens, 

we have to stand up against this. 
We invite you to manifest your will in our 

jive Mass Protest Meetings 

Today! TODAY! 

Thursday, November 30, 1922, 8 p.m. at the 

Burgerbrdukeller Hofbrduhaus- Festsaal 

(Rosenheimer Str.) (Platzf) 

Lowenbrdukeller Schwabingerbrdu 

(Stiglmayerplatz) (Leopoldstrasse) 

ThomasbrdukeUer 

(Kapuzinerplatz) 

The following party members will speak: 

Anton Drexler Mttnchen Max Weber Munchen 
Dietrich Eckart Miinchen Alexander Schilling 
Walter Riehl Wien Czechoslovakia 

Hans Prodinger Salzburg Walter Kellerbaure Nttrn- 
Sepp Roller Salzburg berg 

Hermann Esser Munchen Anton Dorsch Rosenheim 

Hermann Wagner Odernheim (Occupied Territory) 

Our FQhrer, Party Member ADOLF HITLER will speak briefly 
at all meetings. 

Jews not admitted Admission M.S.- War invalids free 

National Socialists! Anti-Semites! 

Germans of all professions and classes/ 

The party which in four and a half years of unequaled mismanagement has ruined Germany, which from the last weapon to the 
last Goldmark sacrificed the German national property to the 
international stock exchange capital, which in numerous treaties 
pledged German enslavement and bondage, so that today, of 
eight hours' work, every German worker receives hardly two and 
a half hours for himself, because he is forced to sacrifice the rest 
to the Entente, this party now tries to exonerate itself of the sins 
of its criminal activity. 

In trembling fear of the awakening people one looks for the 
'Gravediggers of the German Nation. 

German fellow citizens!
Now is the time for everybody to speak up openly I 

Those who are today of the conviction that the genuine and 
true gravediggers of the German nation are to be found in no 
other camp than in that of the ' Munchner Post* in the camp of the 
November criminals of 1918 and in their entire following of 
political and economic profiteers, speculators, usurers and stock 
exchange rogues, should come, as a reply to the five Auer meetings, 

TODAY! Wednesday, December 13, 1922, 8.30 p.m. TODAY! 

to our 

jo GIANT DEMONSTRATIONS 
at the following places: 

B&rgerbraukeller, Rosen- Hirschbraukeller, Zollstr. 

keimerstr. Salvatorkeller, Nockherberg 

Hofbrauhauskeller, Aeuss. Franziskanerkeller, Hochstr. 

Wienerstr. Lawenbrdukeller, Stiglmay- 
Hofbrauhaus- Festsaal, erpl. 

Platd Hacker ketter, TheresienhShe 

Grosser Wirt, Schwabing l Zur Bltite,' Bltitenstr. 18 

Speakers from all German language districts 
Our Ftthrer Party Member ADOLF HITLER 
will speak at all meetings 

Jews not admitted Admission for hall expenses M.5.- 

War invalids free 
Summoner: for the party management, 


Long live international solidarity! 

This was the slogan with which people beat down the few thinking persons who had recognized the nations' fraternization and 
the solidarity drivel as 

Jewish stock exchange swindle 

Now our people will be able to open its eyes to the effect incorporated in this 

'Solidarity' 

Germany will starve, and nobody will care a straw for it. 

France occupied the Ruhr district, nobody from the rest of the 
world cares about it. Renewed extortions will follow, and nobody 
will feel pity for us. 

What alone could save Germany today? 

Self help! 

And of this sole help the German people has been robbed in 
fifty years' work of undermining by the international stock exchange and its Marxist agents. Today the German people has 
to suffer the reward for the most infamous villainy of world history, for its being made criminally defenseless by the 

NOVEMBER CRIMINALS of 1918 


TODAY! Now come all TODAY? 

Thursday, January n, 1923, 8 p.m. 

to the GIANT MANIFESTATION in the CIRCUS BUILDING 
on the Marshfeld with the slogan : 

'DOWN WITH THE NOVEMBER CRIMINALS 9 
Our FCihrer, Party Member ADOLF HITLER will speak. 

Beginning 8 p.m. Admission to cover expenses of posters, 

Jews not admitted M . i o.- 


National Socialists! Anti-Semites! 

What we have prophesied for 4 years has now arrived. 
Notwithstanding all the phrases of 

International Solidarity Drivel 

France has now set out to occupy the Ruhr district. Now the 
people can thank its erstwhile tempters. We, however, want to 
manifest in these days our solemn Protest against this Act of Violence and our fanatical decision to call the culprits to account. 
Therefore we invite you to come to the 

GIANT DEMONSTRATION 

on Sunday, January 14, 1923, at 4 p.m. on the 

KOENIGSPLATZ 

National Socialists and anti-Semites meet at 2 p.m. in the rooms 
of the Btirgerbrdukeller and of the M tinchner-KiiuU-KeUer. 


We march from there with music and flags at 2.30 p.m. 

Storm troops will meet in formation at 2 p.m. in the garden of 
the Btirgcrbr&ukeller. 

Germans, remember the importance of this historical hour, 
don't mind the weather but the obligation which you have towards a coming generation. 

Long live the Fatherland! 
The party leaders 
